README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Vinicius Trevisan! 👋

### Software Development Intern @ Vivo | Software Engineering Student @ PUC-PR 🚀
**Building, deploying, and scaling resilient systems with a focus on Developer Experience.**

I'm a full-stack developer passionate about **Infrastructure as Code (IaC)**, **Clean Architecture**, and creating tools that help other developers move faster. Currently, I'm documenting my journey of building SaaS products in public.

---

### 🛠️ Featured Open Source Project

<div align="center">
  <h3>🚀 <a href="https://github.com/ViniMTrevisan/Kybernus-CLI">Kybernus CLI</a></h3>
  <p><b>The Ultimate Scaffolding Tool for Modern Backends.</b></p>
  <p>Generate production-ready projects with Clean/Hexagonal Architecture, Docker, and Terraform in seconds.</p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/VinimTrevisan/kybernus?style=social" alt="Kybernus Stars">
</div>

---

### 🚀 What I'm Building (SaaS & Products)

* **[ZapTrack](https://zaptrack.com.br)**: A link management platform with advanced analytics, QR codes, and custom domains. Built with Next.js, Prisma, and Stripe.
* **[DayRide](https://dayride.vercel.app/)**: A specialized carpooling platform for recurring commutes. Built with Next.js and PostgreSQL.
* **[Kybernus CLI](https://getkybernus.com)**: A CLI tool to boilerplate full-stack ecosystems (Java, Python, Node, NestJS, NextJS) and DevOps (Docker, Terraform) with industry best practices.

---

### 💼 Professional Experience & Education

* **Software Development Intern @ Vivo (Telefônica Brasil)**: Acting as the sole developer for internal automation and web portals. Architecting solutions with **Python (Flask/FastAPI)**, **Playwright**, **SQL**, and **NextJS**.
* **B.S. in Software Engineering @ PUC-PR**: Currently in the 4th period, focusing on data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems.
* **Layton Christian Academy (USA)**: High School graduate (Exchange Program).

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,spring,python,fastapi,ts,nextjs,react,postgres,mysql,aws,docker,terraform,githubactions" alt="My Tech Stack"/>
</div>

---

### 🌎 Connect With Me & Follow My Journey

I'm actively sharing my development routine and SaaS progress. Let's connect!

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vinicius-meier-trevisan-741b66329/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@vinitrevisan" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=tiktok&logoColor=white" alt="TikTok">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/vinii.trevisan/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" alt="Instagram">
  </a>
  <a href="https://vinitrevisan.vercel.app/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio">
  </a>
</div>

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VinimTrevisan/VinimTrevisan/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg" alt="GitHub Contribution Snake Animation"/>
</div>

<p align="center">
  <i>"Code less, build more."</i>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise personal description in README
Updated personal description to reflect focus on Backend Development and DevOps.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Vinicius Trevisan! 👋

### Software Development Intern @ Vivo | Software Engineering Student @ PUC-PR 🚀
**Building, deploying, and scaling resilient systems with a focus on Developer Experience.**

I'm a software developer passionate about **Backend Development** **DevOps**, **Clean Architecture**, and creating tools that help other developers move faster and smarter. Currently, I'm documenting my journey of building SaaS products in public.

---

### 🛠️ Featured Open Source Project

<div align="center">
  <h3>🚀 <a href="https://github.com/ViniMTrevisan/Kybernus-CLI">Kybernus CLI</a></h3>
  <p><b>The Ultimate Scaffolding Tool for Modern Backends.</b></p>
  <p>Generate production-ready projects with Clean/Hexagonal Architecture, Docker, and Terraform in seconds.</p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/VinimTrevisan/kybernus?style=social" alt="Kybernus Stars">
</div>

---

### 🚀 What I'm Building (SaaS & Products)

* **[ZapTrack](https://zaptrack.com.br)**: A link management platform with advanced analytics, QR codes, and custom domains. Built with Next.js, Prisma, and Stripe.
* **[DayRide](https://dayride.vercel.app/)**: A specialized carpooling platform for recurring commutes. Built with Next.js and PostgreSQL.
* **[Kybernus CLI](https://getkybernus.com)**: A CLI tool to boilerplate full-stack ecosystems (Java, Python, Node, NestJS, NextJS) and DevOps (Docker, Terraform) with industry best practices.

---

### 💼 Professional Experience & Education

* **Software Development Intern @ Vivo (Telefônica Brasil)**: Acting as the sole developer for internal automation and web portals. Architecting solutions with **Python (Flask/FastAPI)**, **Playwright**, **SQL**, and **NextJS**.
* **B.S. in Software Engineering @ PUC-PR**: Currently in the 4th period, focusing on data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems.
* **Layton Christian Academy (USA)**: High School graduate (Exchange Program).

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,spring,python,fastapi,ts,nextjs,react,postgres,mysql,aws,docker,terraform,githubactions" alt="My Tech Stack"/>
</div>

---

### 🌎 Connect With Me & Follow My Journey

I'm actively sharing my development routine and SaaS progress. Let's connect!

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vinicius-meier-trevisan-741b66329/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@vinitrevisan" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=tiktok&logoColor=white" alt="TikTok">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/vinii.trevisan/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" alt="Instagram">
  </a>
  <a href="https://vinitrevisan.vercel.app/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio">
  </a>
</div>

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VinimTrevisan/VinimTrevisan/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg" alt="GitHub Contribution Snake Animation"/>
</div>

<p align="center">
  <i>"Code less, build more."</i>
</p>
